hey clay you and clay you know you're
only taking five cars back right you
know you're only taking five cars not
six back right you told me she on no one
needs no one needs to know you have a
job for me done when I get oh yeah yeah
yeah it wasn't in the truck when I got
the Carlile because of all the cars on
the planet or in any universe this this
is the one that does it for me
the universe if there's some car in the
intergalactic outer space areas reaches
higher
yes I am good thank you dear
is it still there because I went when I
was up at the Glen the last time it
wasn't there I went looking for
truck
that probably was you know from from the
last time the series ran up there
probably got it as a souvenir yeah
I saw these run down in summary
oh really close when I was bad Oh yep so
working I was working for Henry he got
he got free tickets to race down
I was back in 87
looks like they're a little flat spotted
all right thanks I don't yeah this is
from the Heritage Collection Berlin yep
where are they from they're stored
bhaisaab up in Michigan oh really yeah
yeah these were all part riginal e they
are part of the GM heritage collection
with GM own saab and now they're now
these are the ones that are left saab
has
yeah all right we'll see you later back
off over here
yeah yep
well you got the double stakes there so
you probably want to come in here
watch the steak on the right side
yep you're clear
Thank You Jay what it is do well
thankfully free life is lost 65 that was
a pretty view before so hopefully you
don't find it this weekend just my time
goes over nose over just a touch
is that should do it back over here cat
you're fine yep yep that's cool Wow
looking good
hey you're welcome okay and like I said
I mean we'll be more than happy to only
let you load five if that would make
your job easier I'm like no paychecks